here you are the youngest there drawer that
english
uncomfortable and so it doesn't matter so much
speak i personally speak for myself i
did not want and can you please just
how the mobilization began I even
army did not serve after university not
I had to go to work so I finished it
not even schools this which after
some kind of junior lieutenant just
listen to me what officer can be
after the chair nobody took me away
didn't ask me was work from me
mom and dad left there too
told me there one of which I
didn't shoot a single bullet because i went out
here because I can not tell you about
young children have a sick mother
guys why should we become stars
do you understand people
left here look here I sit
like